---
title: About me
excerpt: This is all about me
permalink: /topics/about me/

categories:
  - topics
  - about me
date: 2020-09-15 14:47
---

Hi!

I'm **Hoang**{: .ui} and my Vietnamese name is *Trương Nhật Hoàng*.
Now, I'm currently a **computer science** undergraduate student at **Ton Duc Thang university**.

{% include post_picwrap.html pos="fit" src="/images/topic_image/about_me/tdt.png" %}

My birdthday is **02<sup>nd</sup> September** and that also is the independence day of my country( Vietnam ).
I was born in Nha Trang, but now I'm living in HCMC to convenient for studying at school. Because I can't travel 900 kilometers from home to school every single day.

{% include post_picwrap.html pos="fit" src="/images/topic_image/about_me/nha_trang.jpg" %}

I can play guitar, drum. To me, playing the drum is the most effective way to relieving stress. My favorite guitarist is Slash-GnR. On the stage, he is very awesome. I wish to owned an drum, but my house is too small for a drum and I don't want to disturb my neighboors. I 've self learning drum and guitar when I was 15 years old. Now, I have play guitar for 6 years and drum for 5 year.

{% include post_picwrap.html pos="fit" src="/images/topic_image/about_me/slash.jpg" %}

...
...
...

## Human Language

{% include post_picwrap.html pos="fit" src="/images/topic_image/about_me/language.png" %}

* **Mother language:** *Tiếng Việt* (Vietnamese)
* *English* (English): ...60%...
* *Deutsche (German)* :**in process**
* *한국어 (Korean)*: **in process**
* *日本語 (Japanese)*: **in process**

## Knowledge 

* Mathematics 
* Programming
* Database
* Design theory
* Machine learning
* Arificial Intelligence 
* Music theory
* A little bit of flight theory
* Advanced Driving skill with more than 10,000 hour exp

## Tools

* Photoshop
* Microsoft Office
* Many AI/ML library
* ...
## Programming language

{% include post_picwrap.html pos="fit" src="/images/topic_image/about_me/coding.jpg" %}

* First programming language: C, Java, Pascal
* Had difficulties: Prolog, Assembly
* Most used: Python, Javascript, PHP
* Totally hate: C#
* Most loved: Python
* For beginners: Python, C
* Curious about: Cuda, Ruby


## Hobby

* Lego
* Play music instument
* Space ship
* Flight plane simulator
* Play game (LoL, World of Warship, ...)
* Talking with stranger

